README.md, before:

# Dashboard
SFML.NET Application Dashboard

### About Me
I'm a software engineer, love writing code, love teaching people about code, and love chatting about code. Pull the repo, make changes, gut it and make it your own, I don't mind!

Want to learn about Genetic Algorithms? Check out my [Series](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzvWh64GQm_OfkJXyYo7whQ?)!


## Details
- C# Application
- .NET Core
- SFML (2D Graphics)
- Dashboard for projects

![Dashboard](Sample.PNG)

## Why?
I have been programming for a long time. When I initially startred, I was at university, and I was not familiar with Git. I use to work on small little projects that I was excited about, get them to a state where they were decent (okay, not <strong>all</strong> of them), then zip the project folder, and chuck it on a hard drive and forget about it. Which was fine, until one day someone asked me what I do in my spare time, and the honest answer was nothing worth showing... 

So I wanted to create a place to hold all of the things I work on, in case Iw ant to show someone, or pick it back up and go back to it after 6 months.

## What?
This solution has two things at its core. 

### 'Shared' class library
A shared project, where all of the things that could ever be reused go. It has simple things such as cameras, and screens; but also has a Genetic Algorithm and Neural Network that are both used in applications in the solution. 

### 'Dashboard'
The dashboard is the bread and butter of this whole endevor. It is a landing page for all my applications. It will sniff a directory, grab out the dll's and instantiate instances of the applications I've written, and mark them up, presenting them nicely.

The dashboard handles things like starting/stopping applications, error handling and more. it is a powerful concept and could be expanded to do a lot more, but this is what it does for now. It allows me easy access to the projects I've worked on in the past, or am working on now.

## Solution Structure
- All projects depend on shared
- ApplicationInstances depend on Application
- All ApplicationInstances implement IApplicationInstance in Shared, which is what the Dashboard uses to find and instantiate them.

### Known Issues
- If you are having random build failures, either turn of parallel build, or add a sudo-hierachy between the application instances. I think it's to do with multiple applications attempting to copy the same dlls into the target directory.

## Applications

### Maze Solver
![Maze Solver](/Samples/MazeSolver.gif)

### Driving Simulation / Self-Driving Neural Network

![Simulation](/Samples/DrivingSample.gif)

### Number Prediction Neural Network

![Number Prediction](/Samples/NumberPredictionSample.gif)

Commit message:

Added thumbnail generation & Initial work on toast notifications + ReadMe Update.

README.md, after:

# Dashboard
SFML.NET Application Dashboard

### About Me
I'm a software engineer, love writing code, love teaching people about code, and love chatting about code. Pull the repo, make changes, gut it and make it your own, I don't mind!

Want to learn about Genetic Algorithms? Check out my [Series](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzvWh64GQm_OfkJXyYo7whQ?)!


## Details
- C# Application
- .NET Core
- SFML (2D Graphics)
- Dashboard for projects

![Dashboard](Sample.PNG)

## Why?
I have been programming for a long time. When I initially startred, I was at university, and I was not familiar with Git. I use to work on small little projects that I was excited about, get them to a state where they were decent (okay, not <strong>all</strong> of them), then zip the project folder, and chuck it on a hard drive and forget about it. Which was fine, until one day someone asked me what I do in my spare time, and the honest answer was nothing worth showing... 

So I wanted to create a place to hold all of the things I work on, in case Iw ant to show someone, or pick it back up and go back to it after 6 months.

## What?
This solution has two things at its core. 

### 'Shared' class library
A shared project, where all of the things that could ever be reused go. It has simple things such as cameras, and screens; but also has a Genetic Algorithm and Neural Network that are both used in applications in the solution. 

### 'Dashboard'
The dashboard is the bread and butter of this whole endevor. It is a landing page for all my applications. It will sniff a directory, grab out the dll's and instantiate instances of the applications I've written, and mark them up, presenting them nicely.

The dashboard handles things like starting/stopping applications, error handling and more. it is a powerful concept and could be expanded to do a lot more, but this is what it does for now. It allows me easy access to the projects I've worked on in the past, or am working on now.

The dashboard also contains and offers a number of services to any applicaitons that are running on it. This list will grow with time, but currently includes:

#### Notification Service
A notification service for showing prompts to users in the form of toast messages, and simple common dialogs such as yes/no, confirm etc.

#### Event Service
The default event behaviour in SFML is not designed for easy use in a multi-application space. The event service offers a number of simple methods that can be used to register for callbacks for keypresses, joystick or mouse events - even with the use of modifiers such as Ctrl or Shift. Furthermore, events will only be triggered when the screen in question is active. If you are using an application with multiple screen layers, the dashboard will automatically perform basic handling checks, allowing a screen to claim a click event, and mark it as handled.

## Solution Structure
- All projects depend on shared
- ApplicationInstances depend on Application
- All ApplicationInstances implement IApplicationInstance in Shared, which is what the Dashboard uses to find and instantiate them.

### Known Issues
- If you are having random build failures, either turn of parallel build, or add a sudo-hierachy between the application instances. I think it's to do with multiple applications attempting to copy the same dlls into the target directory.

## Applications

### Maze Solver
![Maze Solver](/Samples/MazeSolver.gif)

### Driving Simulation / Self-Driving Neural Network

![Simulation](/Samples/DrivingSample.gif)

### Number Prediction Neural Network

![Number Prediction](/Samples/NumberPredictionSample.gif)
